- Previously on
"Superman & Lois"...
- Crap. We're having a kid.
Will you marry me?
- Yes!
- Luthor played me a tape.
- You have chosen Jonathan.
- Lex Luthor is a liar.
- And you're not?
- Don't you ever
say that to me again!
- What the hell?
You got powers.
- [gasping]
- Sorry, General.
[grunts]
[gunshot]
- Tell me where Elizabeth is.
- I promised to protect her.
- I'm gonna use General Lane's
heart to bring back Superman.
- How do we know
if it'll even work?
- We have to have hope.
- [gasps]
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[whooshing]
- Three weeks ago, I died.
In an instant,
everything went dark.
Then, just as fast,
the light returned.
[birds chirping]
But the life I came back to
was different
than the one I left.
[pensive music]
And it made me realize...
Really realize...
how fast it all goes.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Easy, old guy. Check this out.
- How quickly
everything can change.
How fragile life can be.
How fragile
our relationships are.
We'll never forget
the sacrifice that
gave us this second chance--
a second chance to do more,
to be better,
and make the most of the time
we all have on this planet.
♪ ♪
- It's too soon.
You need to take it slow.
- It's been over three weeks.
- And that scar on your chest
still hasn't healed.
- Okay, but other than that,
I'm fine.
Mannheim's serum was
made from my blood.
It's the whole reason
your dad took it.
- It doesn't change the fact
that my dad was
a 60-year-old man,
and now you have his heart.
We don't know
your limitations yet.
- Luthor came after you and the
kids, and he killed your dad.
I can't just wait around
and let--
- Clark,
we've talked about this.
If Luthor finds out
you're alive,
he's gonna send that thing
after you again.
And you're not ready
to face it--not yet.
- Dude, I called next game!
- No, you didn't.
- It's my game!
- It's my room.
Give me the controller.
Mom!
- Mom!
- You wanna do something?
Take the boys training.
Please.
- I'm not going.
[door slams]
- Guess what, babe.
- Mm?
- I, uh--
I just got us a world-class
wedding musician.
- Mm.
I don't think most people
have live music
at courthouse weddings.
And what instrument does
Coach Gaines even play?
- Oh, man, the guy is
a whiz on the keys.
By the way, what--
what's your mom's
favorite song?
I'll make sure he knows it.
- I don't know.
She's not much into music
or weddings.
- Oh, come on.
Everybody loves weddings.
- You don't know my mom.
- Well, that's because you've
been keeping me from her.
- She's just very intimidating.
- Um, okay, look, I--I know.
Babe, I'm sorry
I didn't ask your parents
for their blessing
to propose and all that.
- Oh, no, no, no, babe,
it's not that.
And it's not you.
We just haven't really
talked in a while.
I always feel like I'm doing
the wrong thing around her.
Plus, now I'm all
preggers, so...
[chuckles]
Maybe I'm just
a little on edge.
- Okay, well, then, um,
in that case, you're in luck.
Moms love me.
- Okay. [chuckles]
You've met one mom when you
were a jock and a big deal.
- Oh, okay.
- You know what I mean.
Oh, you know what I mean.
- Yes, I know what you mean.
But listen, the point
is that I'm about to be
the father to her grandbaby.
So she has no choice
but to like me.
It also means that tonight,
I might have to, uh,
bust out a little bit
of that old country charm.
- Oh, no.
Mm-mm.
- Uh-huh.
- That charm is what got us
here in the first place.
- Oh, I know.
Here he--here he goes again,
right here.
Mm. Mm.
- This is where you trained?
- Yep, same as your brother.
I was hoping he'd help
show you the ropes.
- Awesome.
- And once you master this,
we can move up to the--
the Kessel Run.
- Bonus points for making it
in less than 12 parsecs.
- Yes!
Thank you.
- So do I just go for it?
- Yeah, yeah, whenever you're--
[whooshing]
Ready.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Whoa!
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Whoo!
- [laughs]
- Whoa-ho-ho-ho!
- Pull up. Pull up.
Pull up. Pull up, Jon!
- Whoa!
- Or through it.
Dealer's choice.
- [laughs]
- Whoo-hoo-hoo!
What's next?
- Have you ever seen
"Fury Road"?
♪ ♪
- Whoo!
Oh, yeah!
Whoo!
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Whoo-hoo!
Dad, wait!
- [laughs]
[heart beating]
- [chuckles]
- [grunts]
♪ ♪
- Dad! Are you okay?
- Still no sign
of Luthor's people?
- Jordan's been listening
for their voices,
but so far, radio silence.
- And if he does
hear something?
- Get them to flip on Luthor,
put him back in Stryker's.
- Why do you think anyone
would ever turn on him?
- 'Cause Luthor
doesn't leave loose ends,
and I'm betting they know that.
[phone ringing]
- Yes?
This is she.
What?
The whole floor?
Well, big disappointment, obviously.
But um, thank you
for letting me know.
- What happened?
- It's nothing.
A pipe burst at the courthouse,
so no wedding tomorrow.
- No, that's awful.
- No, no, it's no big deal.
We'll just pick another day.
Easy breezy.
- But it's your wedding.
You can't postpone.
Plus, your mom's
coming to town.
You can have it at the farm.
- No, no, no, no, we really
don't want to impose.
- Chrissy, the barn is perfect.
- It's just--[sighs]
After everything your family's
been through...
- That's exactly why
I wanna host it.
We need some joy.
Trust me, you'd be
doing us all a favor.
- Lois, it was only gonna be
a small ceremony.
- We will hang some lights,
find someone to officiate,
maybe get some live music.
- Ugh.
Kyle's already
got that covered.
- Great. So it's all settled.
[soft music]
- Okay.
[chuckles]
Okay.
But if you are gonna
be hosting my wedding,
I do have one request.
- Anything. Name it.
- [giggles] Would you please
be my maid of honor?
- [squeals] Yes, of course.
[laughter]
- Aw, I'm so excited.
- We should have Grandma
run some more tests
at the Fortress.
- That is not necessary.
- Dad, this has never
happened before.
- Jon, Jon,
this is not something
we need to talk about.
Hey, hey. What's up?
Um, how was the office?
You--do you wanna talk
to me about something?
- We can get to that
in a second.
What happened?
- Hmm?
What--
[chuckles]
Okay, this sounds so much worse
than it actually is.
We were flying,
and I sped past Jon.
And then I took
a very tiny, um, spill.
- You crashed?
- Yeah, out of the sky,
doing, like, Mach 5.
- Okay, you know what, rookie?
Settle down.
It was barely Mach 2.
- I heard your heart
skip a couple beats.
- Clark--
- My body is still just getting
used to your dad's heart.
My mom said there'd be
an adjustment period.
- Belly flopping into a glacier
seems like more than
an adjustment period.
- Oh, please.
I barely even felt it.
- The fact that
you felt it at all
proves that you
have to slow down.
- Okay, I understand why
you're both worried.
I'm not going anywhere.
This was just a fluke.
- Okay.
Well, I do have great news.
We are hosting a wedding.
- Do you know if you're
having a boy or a girl?
- No, uh, those reveal parties,
they seem fun and all,
but we wanted it
to be a surprise. [chuckles]
- I thought you'd had
enough surprises already.
So you're moving
into his apartment.
- Yeah, she practically
lives there already.
- Yeah, but we're
gonna need more space.
- Well, it was always meant
to be temporary.
You know, just where I landed
after the whole--
- It's been a bit
of a whirlwind.
- How long have you
been divorced?
- Mom.
- No judgment.
I'm just curious.
- It's all good, babe.
I guess it's been about a year.
But Lana and I,
we're on great terms, you know.
I mean, heck, I
could probably get you
a letter of recommendation
if you want it.
[laughter]
- Um, so have you decided
on any dessert, Miss Beppo?
- Nothing for me, thanks.
- Well, it's on the house.
- She's lovely.
- Yeah, she's one
of a kind, that one. [chuckles]
- Yeah, you know, Sarah and I
have actually gotten
pretty close.
- Oh, yeah.
- Well, that would make sense.
You're practically
the same age.
[soft tense music]
[sighs]
- Um--you know, I'm real sorry
that, uh,
Mr. Beppo couldn't be here
with us.
It would have--would have been
lovely to have him with us.
- He couldn't get off work.
- Oh, I thought you said
he was sick.
Check, please.
- If you want Jonathan
to live, press 2.
[phone beeps]
You have chosen Jonathan.
He's a good boy
and your favorite son.
[knocking]
- [sighs]
- How'd it go?
- Dad had this whole heart
thing while we were flying.
It was pretty messed up.
- Is he okay?
- Well, he says he is,
but something's not right.
- Glad you were there.
- Dude, you need
to come next time.
Seriously, Dad was just dead.
Now he's back,
and you wanna sit in your room?
What the hell?
- I was just giving you guys
some one-on-one time.
- Stop pretending like
that's why you didn't go.
- What, so you got superpowers,
now you can read my mind?
- Well, you keep
blaming yourself
for what happened to him,
even though
he's been back for weeks.
- Look, man, you don't know
what you're talking about.
- Really?
Then stop listening
to the stupid message.
It's screwing with your head.
- I thought we weren't
supposed to eavesdrop.
- Just following
your example, Superboy.
- Do you wanna talk about it?
- I--I don't know
what happened.
- Well, for starters, you died.
So you can't expect
to just bounce back
and be the same person.
- Yeah, but it's--
it's not just that.
I mean,
everything feels different.
I don't feel as strong.
And my hearing--
I can barely hear
out of my left ear.
And it's almost like--
- You can't trust
your own body.
- Is this who I am now?
[pensive music]
I mean, am I just never
gonna be what I was?
- Maybe.
- That really sucks.
- Clark, every time I walk past
a mirror, it's still jarring.
But someone once said to me
that whatever scars I have
are a symbol that I survived.
What matters is that
you're here with me now.
Everything else
we can deal with later.
Did you just say
"that really sucks?"
- I think I'm feeling the wine.
- That's a first.
- [clears throat]
There's not a day that goes by
that I don't wish I could
thank your dad.
- You being here with us
is all the thanks he'd want.
- Okay, so?
Better than a courthouse?
- Yeah, um--
[chuckles]
Wow, man.
This is--this is unbelievable.
It really is.
Um--listen, Kent.
I--I can't begin to tell you
how happy I am that, uh--
that you're still here.
- Oh, um, thanks.
- I just--I couldn't
wrap my head
around it for a second there.
You had Petey,
and then you and--
I always thought that
Superman would be the one
to outlive everyone
in our class, you know?
- I'm just--I'm glad I'm back.
- Yeah, me too.
And now here I am, getting
married at Superman's house.
Hot damn.
[chuckles]
Yeah, but the only
thing that, uh,
would make this
a little bit better is, um...
a best man.
- What?
Oh, um, yeah.
No, yeah, of course,
I'd--I'd be honored.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, fist. Yeah, okay.
- Yeah. Right.
Um, any--any luck
with the caterer?
- Uh, well,
no one was available,
but Lois just picked up
some cakes,
and I just plugged
in the grills, so--
- Whoa, whoa, um--
plugged--plugged in the grill?
These--these are--these are
indoor grills, you said.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Take me there now.
- So my mom bought snacks
and sparkling cider.
- Anything you want, just ask.
We got you, Miss Beppo--
um, Mrs. Cushing.
- [chuckles]
Let's just slow your roll on
the whole "Mrs. Cushing" thing.
- Chrissy, I'm upstairs.
- Thanks.
- Listen, Otis, where are you?
- Yo, Mom said to change
in the office.
- Shut up.
- I can't take it anymore.
- Whatever, man.
- No, it's her.
- You're gonna make this--
- That lady, the one
that kidnapped Granddad.
You have to go tell Mom.
- What?
- You have to take her there.
- I can't pinpoint voices.
You have to do it.
- She's in Metropolis
at the parking structure
over by the Hypersector.
- Okay.
Uh, you stay here
and do nothing.
[suspenseful music]
- It was your mom's dress?
- Yeah.
She was only 19.
- I can't even imagine.
[knocking]
- Jordan heard that
Gretchen lady in Metropolis.
- When?
- Now. We need to go.
- Oh, this is way more
important than my wedding.
- I promise I will be back.
- So what do you think?
[sizzling]
- I mean--the flavor's, um--
it's not half bad.
No, I think we got ourselves a
wedding day miracle right here.
- Okay!
I--I used your recipe.
- Mm-hmm.
- Kyle.
- Mrs. Beppo.
Um, stick with it. Hi.
I've got the whole upstairs
set up for the bridal party,
you know,
with the little candy corns
and the--those little waters.
Should be--
- Is Chrissy here?
- Oh, yeah, I can show you
where she's--
- No, I can find her.
- Okay.
- Why are you
marrying my daughter?
- Excuse me?
- Because Chrissy
told me that you proposed
right after learning
that she was pregnant.
So are you doing this
only for the baby?
- No, not at all.
- Because I know my daughter.
She always wants to do
the right thing.
But this--this is
happening way too fast.
[soft music]
- I appreciate your concern,
Mrs. Beppo.
But I love your daughter.
And she loves me.
You can get changed up
in Jordan's bedroom.
♪ ♪
- Okay, this is a big day,
Jimmy.
We ain't messing this up.
Go--go back.
All right.
- Hey.
- Come back to me now.
- Why are you hiding up here?
- I'm not hiding.
I'm watching.
I didn't know Coach Gaines
was a musician.
- Yeah, my dad told me that
he was in a Kool & the Gang
cover band until
the lead singer stole his wife.
- Oh.
I guess it wasn't
a "Celebration."
- No.
Um, are you all right?
You kind of seem off.
- I'm--I'm sorry.
I know it's a big day
for your family.
- No, don't apologize.
I just wanted to make sure
you're okay.
- There's just a lot
going on right now.
- A lot going on.
I mean, your dad was--
Gone.
But he's back now, and you
still seem really miserable.
- It's complicated.
- Do you wanna
uncomplicate it for me?
- I tried to save him.
And after all this time off
pretending to be a hero,
I just couldn't do it.
Sarah, I didn't
even come close.
But now I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
- Okay.
Forget what you're
supposed to do.
What do you wanna do?
[pensive music]
♪ ♪
[soft suspenseful music]
[sirens wailing]
- Please leave a message
after the beep.
[phone beeps]
- You can't ignore me
forever, Otis.
- Cheryl Kimble.
- I had a feeling
you'd figure out my real name.
- Actually, it was my dad
after you buried him alive.
- I did not enjoy
having to do that.
Your dad was one
of the good ones.
- He certainly was.
Luthor had that monster
kill him.
- I didn't know.
- Everywhere Luthor goes,
he leaves a trail
of bodies behind him.
It's only a matter of time
before you're one of them.
- You're wasting your time.
- If you go on the record,
I can protect you.
- I've known Luthor
for 30 years.
I've seen how he responds
to people who betray him.
There's no way
you can keep me safe.
- You think you're safe now?
What happens when Lex
finds out you left
whatever hidey hole
he's been keeping you in?
I put him away once.
I'm gonna do it again.
You either help me
or Luthor kills you.
Those are your only options.
♪ ♪
- Cheryl didn't seem to know
that Luthor had my dad killed,
but I rattled the cage.
Now we wait and see
how she wants to play it.
[pensive music]
- You look incredible.
Well, Jordan's getting
better at flying
without messing up your hair.
- It wasn't Jordan who took me.
- He didn't wanna go flying
with Jon and me either.
- It's that damn phone call.
I've tried talking
to him about it,
and every time,
he blows me off.
- You know, when I came back
from that other world,
Jon and I weren't
in a great place.
It took a while,
but we figured it out.
Just like you and Jordan
will figure it out.
- God, I missed you.
- Want me to talk to him?
- No, it should be me.
By the way, you don't
look so bad yourself.
- Hey.
[knocking]
- [gasps]
- Sorry, I didn't mean
to scare you.
I just--wow, that dress
is amazing.
- Aw, that's--
that's--that's great.
[chuckles]
Great.
- Um, can I help you
do your hair?
- That'd be great.
- That's a lot of "greats."
- Is it?
I've been saying "great" a lot.
Like, I'm great.
You're great. We're all great.
"Great's" a great word.
Everything's fine.
- Okay.
Where's your purse?
- Why?
- The special gummy bears.
- Baby.
[chuckles]
- Right, yeah.
Sorry, I didn't--
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I would love a gummy relaxer
or, like, five tequila shots.
But, hey, you know,
things change.
[chuckles]
A few months ago, I was alone,
and then 11 dates later,
there was a baby in my belly.
And today, I'm getting married.
Just because the boulder is,
like, tumbling down the hill
does not mean I'm not rolling
with it and it's not great.
- Are you okay?
- [sighs]
Yeah, just a little nauseous.
- Yeah.
- You know?
With, like, the baby and all?
- Okay. Just breathe with me.
- Could you maybe
get me some water?
- Yeah, of course.
[laughter]
Yay!
- Yay!
- Okay.
- Hey.
- We need to talk
about that phone call.
- I told you, I'm fine.
- Well, I'm not.
- So what?
You wanna make yourself
feel better?
- I want us to move past this.
Please talk to me.
- I just--
I kind of wish you chose me.
- Jon didn't have powers yet.
He couldn't protect himself
like you could.
- I know, but everything's just
always been so easy
between you two,
ever since Metropolis.
Whenever he had a problem,
it always just works out.
But me, I--I screw
everything up.
- That's not true.
- Dad died because of me.
Grandpa died because of me.
- Jordan, look at me.
This was all Luthor.
Your father
and your grandfather
would never want you
to blame yourself for this.
Not ever.
- Mom, I'm not mad
that you chose Jon.
I'm mad that you were right.
I keep letting you down.
- Sweetie, I love you so much,
as much as I can possibly love
another person.
And it kills me that I ever
made you feel like I didn't.
And I wanna do everything
to make this right,
but you have to let me.
Please.
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- I love you, Mom.
- I love you too.
[guests chattering]
- Something wrong
with that set list?
- Look, man, it's just--
you said that you could
play the top-100 wedding hits.
- Is that type not big enough?
Ooh, "Rock Me Amadeus,"
"Rockit," "Axel F."
- Oh, those are classics.
- See?
That's what I'm talking about.
- Maybe, but do you have
any Blink-182 or--
I don't know, some 311?
Something like that?
- Now, why would you
wanna go ahead and ruin
your own damn wedding?
- Dad!
[breathing heavily]
Chrissy's not in the house.
She's gone.
[guests murmuring]
[soft tense music]
[pensive music]
♪ ♪
- Doing okay?
- Yeah, I just--
I really wanted a family again.
I miss that feeling.
- Ever since I, um, came back,
I haven't felt the same.
And I'm starting to wonder
if I'm ever going to.
And it's been tough,
really tough.
But I'm trying to take it
a day at a time.
Sometimes that's all we can do.
- You think she'll
give me another shot?
- I think if you're patient,
everything's gonna be fine.
♪ ♪
- Super best man ever.
- [chuckles]
- Thanks, bud.
- Is this barn cursed?
Because this is
the second family event
that's totally blown up here.
- Yeah, it might be time
to find a new venue.
- Yeah.
[high-pitched warbling]
A couple of meerkats here.
[sirens wailing]
- There's a fire in Metropolis.
- We need to tell Dad.
- No, no, you have to go.
Dad's supposed to lay low.
- What?
I--I've never done a save.
- It's a fire.
You've been training with
Mr. Cushing for months.
- I don't have a suit.
- Just grab a hoodie.
Go. You've got this.
- Okay.
- Have you seen a bride run by?
- Let me guess, super hearing?
- You wanna talk about it?
- When Kyle proposed,
it was so romantic.
I was so excited to marry him.
But everything then just
spun out of control.
It was like all my choices
were being made for me,
and I couldn't stop it.
- I'm sorry if I pressured you.
- Well, it wasn't you.
I just--I started to realize
I barely even know Kyle.
Do you know that burnt orange
is his favorite color?
- [chuckles]
That's unfortunate.
- My mom showed up
with this dress.
And all I can think about was
when she was pregnant with me,
she felt like she needed
to marry my dad.
- You're not gonna end up
like your parents.
- But I see you and Clark
still so in love
after all the insane stuff
you've been through.
Relationship goals.
- We work at it, though, a lot.
And we have
the tough conversations.
And mainly,
we respect each other.
And we love each other,
and it seems to me like
you and Kyle have both.
- I think we do.
Or at least we did before
I went full runaway bride.
[chuckles]
- Tell Kyle what
you just told me.
After that, I think
you'll know what to do.
You ready to head back?
- Can we sit here
a little bit longer?
- Yeah.
Take as long as you need.
[dramatic music]
[screaming]
- Help!
♪ ♪
- Hey! Hey!
Let me help you!
You.
- He's trying to kill me.
[flames roaring]
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- Okay, okay, all right.
Here we go.
You got this.
- Nice work, best man.
- Well, you too, maid of honor.
- Dad.
You didn't hear that?
- Help! Help!
[tense music]
- It's Jon.
He's in Metropolis.
- Hurry.
- [panting]
- I'm not gonna lie, kid.
This is gonna hurt.
[whooshing]
♪ ♪
You're supposed to be dead.
[flames roaring]
- Not bad for a dead guy.
- I'm so sorry I put you
through all this.
- I understand if--
if you wanna--
- I don't wanna
break up with you.
Not ever.
But maybe we can
slow things down a little.
- Yeah, babe.
Anything you want, okay?
I just don't wanna lose you.
- I promise,
we're not going anywhere.
- Except you did
kind of just run out
of a perfectly good wedding.
- Okay.
Okay.
Starting now, no more running.
Just--just kissing, yeah?
More kissing.
[soft music]
♪ ♪
- John Henry's taking Luthor's
guy into the DOD for me.
- So you wouldn't be seen?
- Maybe tomorrow,
you can go in and see if
you can get him to flip
on Luthor?
- I shouldn't have gone
without asking.
- Hey, you did great.
- But that Gretchen lady
got away.
- The important thing is,
you saved lives.
The rest we can work on later.
- He's gonna need
one more thing, though.
[pensive music]
- You sure?
- I think I wanna take some
time to figure some stuff out,
and someone needs
to fill in for me.
- These were Grandpa's.
- I know.
He'd want you to have them.
- Thank you.
- The jacket's gonna be
a little big on you, though.
- Oh.
Whew, it smells like wet dog.
- [chuckles]
[guests chattering]
- [clears throat]
Excuse me, everybody.
Let's, uh--let's round up
for just a second.
Please, round up.
Chrissy and I
have an announcement to make.
Um--we will not be
getting married tonight.
[guests murmuring]
- But we're still
wildly in love,
and we will definitely
continue this at a later date.
- Of my bride's choosing,
of course.
[laughter]
- But since you're all here,
and everyone looks so fancy--
- Mm-hmm.
We, uh--we figured why don't
we just get our party on, huh?
[cheers and applause]
- All right!
- Right?
All right,
hey, uh, Gaines, hit it.
[Bon Jovi's "Runaway" playing]
♪ ♪
- ♪ On the street
where you live ♪
♪ Girls talk about
their social lives ♪
♪ They're made of lipstick,
plastic, and paint ♪
♪ A touch of sable
in their eyes ♪
♪ All your life, all your life
all you've asked ♪
♪ When's your daddy
gonna talk to you ♪
♪ But you were living
in another world ♪
♪ Trying to get
a message through ♪
♪ No one heard
a single word you said ♪
♪ They should have
seen it in your eyes ♪
- Sorry you came
all this way for nothing.
- It's not nothing.
I got to see what a strong
woman my daughter is.
- Mom.
- I just want you
to be happy, Bambi.
- It's been so long
since you've called me that.
- Oh, baby.
- I'm so glad you're here.
- Yeah, me too.
Me too. Me too.
- Will you dance with me?
- [groans]
- Please.
Please. Please.
- Can I say no?
- ♪ You know she likes
the lights at night ♪
♪ On the neon Broadway signs ♪
♪ She don't really mind ♪
♪ It's only love
she hoped to find ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ooh,
she's a little runaway ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Daddy's girl learned fast ♪
♪ All the things
she couldn't say ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ooh,
she's a little runaway ♪
♪ ♪
- That was really nice.
- We do throw a pretty
great wedding,
even without the marriage part.
- Yeah.
I'm just glad they're happy.
- How are you feeling?
- Little sore.
I think the wine helped.
- How many glasses
did you have?
- I wasn't counting.
[soft music]
- Pretty soon, you're gonna
be back in the public eye.
I'm gonna miss having
you all to myself.
- Well, I'm here now.
- And the boys did go
into town with Sarah.
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
- Don't answer that?
- Not a chance.
[phone buzzing]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Greg, move your head.